Why Beijing may favor gradual RMB appreciation 
 
 
As China’s trade surplus grows steadily larger – with the goods surplus now 6% of GDP 
and more than 1% of global GDP – anxiety among foreign policymakers about the 
impact on their manufacturing sectors is growing. The United States responded with 
broad tariffs, while other countries and regions (e.g. the EU) have been more selective 
and restrained. Analysts have also publicly debated a range of proposals for alleviating 
global imbalances. US Treasury Secretary Bessent has described China’s trade surplus as 
“unsustainable” and recently called for other countries to “examine their terms of trade 
with China”. 
As we have noted repeatedly in the past, China’s currency is substantially undervalued, 
contributing to its export success. This has been one argument given to justify tariff 
protection against Chinese goods. It also underpins proposals that other economies 
pressure China to allow the renminbi to appreciate more quickly as a way of reducing 
current account imbalances. By contrast, senior IMF officials recently downplayed the 
role of FX, arguing that structural adjustment and US fiscal consolidation is a preferable 
adjustment route. Our own view is that currency adjustment is necessary but not 
sufficient – it would need to be combined with fiscal expansion aimed at boosting 
China’s demand in order to bring China’s own economy back to balance, and with fiscal 
restraint in large deficit economies. 
However, experienced forecasters know that it is important to distinguish the question 
of what policymakers should do from what they are likely to do. China’s stated 
macroeconomic goals and its policy outcomes suggest that rebalancing – either global or 
domestic – does not appear to be high on Beijing’s agenda. In what follows, we attempt 
to take a look at the situation from Beijing’s perspective. 
In our view, China’s policymakers effectively seek to further increase China’s share of 
global manufacturing and move up the technology ladder while becoming less 
dependent on foreign supply. (Aware of foreign concerns about rising surpluses, China’s 
policymakers have claimed they “never deliberately pursued a trade surplus”1, but with 
goals of further strengthening across many manufacturing industries and “self-reliance” 
across a range of critical inputs, it is difficult to see how the math could work out 
otherwise.) Strength in foreign demand is generally accompanied by restraint in 
domestic China macro policy, as has been the case recently (Exhibit 1). Put differently, 
the revealed preference of policymakers appears to be to leverage foreign demand to 
the extent possible to drive China’s growth.  
1 Then-Premier Li Keqiang made similar comments in 2018 , though at that time the current account surplus 
was near its local low as a share of GDP.
2 September 2026   2
Goldman Sachs Asia in Focus
For the exclusive use of Goldman Sachs Clients
991f56e45f7048fa97d3280f89dd91e4
