available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at https://www.gs.com/disclosures/europeanpolicy.html which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA ”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA ”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC (https://www.sipc.org).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
https://www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp and https://www.goldmansachs.com/disclosures/cftc_fcm_disclosures. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
2 September 2026   9
Goldman Sachs Asia in Focus
For the exclusive use of Goldman Sachs Clients
991f56e45f7048fa97d3280f89dd91e4
